So, you're all excited about the Olympics then? Hey! There's some people making an effort to be excited there, but uh most people in Paris is just like not that interested it seems like, you know, it's it's a pity. It's a pity, because this is an amazing international, ancient international sporting festival that brings together the nations of the world. Cities around the world are desperately trying to host it. It comes to Paris and the Parisians are like "Bah, say padan, here". <noise> France? Bah. C'est non fair. Things like that, right? 'cause I understand, right? I I understand it's going to be it's going to be disruptive. You know, there's going to be lots of people. It's going to be difficult to do things. It might interrupt lunch. You know. I know where your priorities are. You know, I understand that. You know? And but there's like there's there's people who are saying it's funny. There's people are saying like, oh well, you know, the Olympics, I'm just going to leave, like, Texas, back there, whatever your name was. And so, I'm just going to leave the city. Of course, well, it's August. <noise> Everyone leaves this city in August. And then, there's the people who are like, well, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to rent out my apartment to a rich American, a rich American family for the duration of the games. It's like, no, you're not. There are no rich American families left. Okay. Have you not heard of the cost of living crisis? In fact, there are only five rich American families left. And I'm pretty sure the Kardashians, if they came here, they don't want to rent a duplex in the 18th Arrondissement. <noise> Meanwhile, you're lugging your stuff into the cab. Yeah, we're going to make loads of money. No, you're going to just get a back pain and then then then But I've worked it out, right? I've worked it out that what Paris needs to do in this situation is to actually This is a great opportunity for Paris. What what you can do is introduce new events into the Olympic games that will actually give France to win some medals for a change. <noise> No, no, hear me out. Because this is def you're definitely going to win some medals this time, right? 'cause I've I've thought I've worked it out, right? So, here are the new events that that are going to match Paris's national like the skill set of Paris, right? So, first of all, you've got the uh jumping the queue at the uh supermarkets. <noise> Gold medal in the bag. Right? 'cause you know, Britain, we would we would fail that. We would come last. We're just like, "Oh, sorry, after you. Oh, sorry". But but but but Meanwhile, in in Paris, it's just like, you know, people are just drifting across. It's okay. I've got 19 items. That's fine, isn't it? I can just can't I? And the the the way you actually get a gold medal in this event is that if you get caught jumping the queue, you have to pretend that you don't understand the rules of the system. And <noise> while making the noise of a sheep for some reason. <noise> It's very simple. It's very simple. The second event is uh jumping the barriers at the Metro. Congratulations! <noise> Another medal in the bag. Because, you know, you can you can do that here, can't you? You can do that. It's like no money, no ticket, no problem. Can you jump? <noise> You can. Congratulations. There you go. You deserve a free ride. <noise> This is the reward system that is in place in this city. This is how parkour was invented in France. You know, and and there are even people who sit behind the glass screens who I feel should be giving scores, you know? It's perfect. <noise> As far as I can tell, this is what they do. They just sit there and judge the jumps all day. <noise> Then, they open that door thing, that is you know, then they just fine. Uh so that's the second event. Third event, what have we got? Having affairs. Okay. Well done. Another gold medal. Let's see. Let's Oh really? Yeah, because you respect the institution of marriage in this country so much. What else have you got? Um uh talking about people having affairs. Another gold medal. Um making films about people talking about people having affairs. There you go. Another one. Eating food. Uh talking about uh uh food while eating food that's different to the food that you're actually talking about. <noise> Um uh petanque as well. Congratulations. Because, I'm pretty sure that in France, this is you are the best uh and probably only country in the world <noise> to play this sport. Is it Is it even a sport? I don't know. I don't know. What is it? As far as I can tell, it's just some slightly drunk people <noise> standing around just dropping things. <noise> And that's it, right? That's It's such It's the most French sport ever as far as I can tell. It's just like This is it's it's a very dismissive gesture, isn't it, really? It's just It's basically the sporting equivalent of going <noise> Like at least in darts, you know, you you you you work hard. You've got to try and beat the gravity, you know, to get the dart to the dartboard. In petanque, it's basically just let the gravity do the work. There we go. And then we go back. Like, no one knows what the score is. No one's everyone's drunk. You know, it's just it's just drinking in the street, dropping some balls. And even, you don't even have to bend down. You've got the little magnet thing. <noise> I don't understand this game, but I get it. I mean, I do actually. It's just that isn't it? It's get the thing next to the thing and just then clack and then get drunk. You know, it's great. Great. I mean, I'm not saying it's bad. I'm just saying that you know, you you should introduce it to into the Olympics and everyone else everyone else will will will understand. What else have you got? Uh You've got um uh saying no to things in public, right? Otherwise known as int basically refusing to do things in public. Otherwise known as International Saying No. Right? You can imagine the the events are like welcome to International Saying No. Oh, and the French have already won. They refused to take part <noise> in the competition. <noise> And what else And and then, there's uh defending your human rights in ways that actually violate other people's human rights. Congratulations! <noise> Uh smoking as well as another event. Uh Otherwise known as the Cigarette Flick, which is where you sit on these uh cafe terraces and flick your cigarette um across the pavement into the petrol cap of a nearby police car. <noise> Which explodes, and everyone has a fantastic party in the street. So, congratulations. That's the Olympics. You're going to have a fantastic time, ladies and gents. Yeah. All right. Good. And not that you will be here, but everyone else will enjoy it while you are doing something else. Um while you're trying to get all your stuff out of the basement of your apartment building. <noise> 